Sydney Kent: Hello.
Sydney Kent: How are you, how are you can. That's good.
Sydney Kent: What's that you
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Alright, can you hear me.
Sydney Kent: Can you hear me. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: You just froze for a second.
Sydney Kent: Okay.
I'm
Sure you probably been asked some of them before.
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So tell me,
Shawn Phalen: Tell me what brought you to write her
Sydney Kent: Um,
Sydney Kent: Well, I was I was doing good. Um, I've been
Sydney Kent: Like a chronic relapse or kind of thing and I needed some more help, since I had moved and I
Sydney Kent: Needed a, I guess, Matt program and everything was so far away. So I mean to you guys, WHICH IS REALLY REALLY HELPFUL, OKAY. HOW LONG HAVE YOU
Sydney Kent: Want to say about a month. Okay.
Tell me what your drug of choice when
Sydney Kent: It was a mess in heroin. Okay. And how much clean time do you have
Sydney Kent: Right now, I believe I have a little per week.
Okay.
How long have you been on the Suboxone
Sydney Kent: Like a year and a half now. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Tell me about that. What happened.
Sydney Kent: I thought when a meeting stop talking to two people and
Sydney Kent: You know, just didn't just stop doing what I was doing. Basically, you know why.
Sydney Kent: I don't know.
Sydney Kent: I always I always do it and i don't i don't know why. Yes.
Sydney Kent: So tell me, when did you first start using drugs. How old are you, and 19 I was born addicted to heroin. I don't know if that starts because I'd say like I was born a dictator just 19
So,
Sydney Kent: Addiction rent and your family, obviously. Yes. Okay. And so mom was a heroin addict.
Sydney Kent: Yep.
Sydney Kent: Okay, do you have any contact with her know she passed away.
Sydney Kent: I'm
Sydney Kent: Internal bleeding.
Sydney Kent: Not quite sure my grandmother didn't tell me much.
Sydney Kent: Your grandparents review. Yes, I did. All right. And we're not dad came into contact with down
Sydney Kent: No, I don't even know who he is.
And you have a sibling.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I have a brother, and then I have a sister, but she was in foster care.
Sydney Kent: They're both younger than I am. You have any contact with them now.
Sydney Kent: I don't. Okay. And so
Sydney Kent: How many years. Okay. So you started using his name right. Yeah. What were we were using anything before that.
Sydney Kent: Um, I guess, I guess I started on painful. So I was prescribed them. Okay. And when was that
Sydney Kent: Maybe around age 14 honestly and what happened. I had to have a root canal and I got dry socket.
Sydney Kent: Don't make any payments for that. Mm hmm. And how long were you taking pills.
Sydney Kent: I don't know how long.
I'm
Okay, what about
Sydney Kent: depression. Depression. Yeah, yeah. Every day, sorry. It's kind of cutting in and out. Yeah. Yeah. It's an everyday, everyday, kind of thing. But, um,
Sydney Kent: I have mood swings, but for the most part I'm going to press
Shawn Phalen: Do you remember when that
Depression.
No, I
Sydney Kent: I'm trying to think it could have been back when my mom died, but I feel like I i was
Sydney Kent: Like, I can't remember that far back.
Sydney Kent: In how many years ago. Did your mom passed away. I was 2009. Okay. Do you think that you've worked through
Sydney Kent: Me. Still, I mean, there's a lot of loss and grief that goes with that. Yeah.
Did you ever see a surface for it.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I did.
Sydney Kent: I wasn't really ready so I didn't really I didn't do at the time on. But I guess I did see some
Sydney Kent: Some when I was little older, but never really dug deep, you know. Yeah.
And do you live with your grandma.
Sydney Kent: No, I saw my grandma, my grandpa died, but I'm I'm living with my girlfriend right now. Okay.
And are you working
Sydney Kent: Now I'm trying to find it.
Sydney Kent: It's kind of hard right now.
Sydney Kent: What did you, what was your last job, like, what, what did you do, I was working at Panera Bread.
Okay.
And how long have you been unemployed.
Sydney Kent: Three or four months.
Sydney Kent: Did you quit zero. Um, I actually got in trouble for raping during my shift.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
So have you had prior suicidal.
Okay. How many of you.
Sydney Kent: I've had several in the past. Um, I literally just got out of a because I jumped in front of a car. Okay.
Sydney Kent: That was like
Sydney Kent: Like a few days ago.
Sydney Kent: Where you heard. No, no, no, it wasn't
Okay, what what happened for you, like what was going on.
Sydney Kent: I was just getting in a huge argument and
Sydney Kent: Now it's kind of
Sydney Kent: Kind of emotional. I guess I wasn't really
Sydney Kent: On the right dose of medication or something was going on. I don't know, and
Sydney Kent: My girlfriend Jackie thrown away and just
Sydney Kent: So,
Sydney Kent: I don't know.
Sydney Kent: Okay, but you jumped in front of a car, and she was over analyzing. No, I mean like I was over analyzing. Cuz, cuz she
Sydney Kent: Cuz I was like, I'm too much for her. She and show me to get help and she pretty much wanted to break up with me at that point. And so I had left and I went
Sydney Kent: I went for a run and and then I say, out of nowhere. It's like, oh, actually. No, it wasn't out of nowhere. I kept saying, I'm going to jump in the car car.
Sydney Kent: I didn't think I was going to do it, but I did.
And what happened.
Sydney Kent: Did it hit you, or no, no it's fired off the road.
Sydney Kent: And the guy I talked to me and
Sydney Kent: A street cop cars fold up and then ambulance then went to the hospital from there.
Sydney Kent: Did that get you stabilize the hospital. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And are you taking your medication. Yes.
Have you stopped taking on when he felt
Sydney Kent: Um,
Sydney Kent: It's kind of hard to tell.
Sydney Kent: Because I take, I take a missile and I ran out of
Sydney Kent: Like I ran out of a certain dose, like I had two different doses.
Sydney Kent: I don't know. Like honestly don't know.
Sydney Kent: I don't even know if I'm not on the right methods to be honest with you.
Okay prescribing medications and the truth. Right.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Which doctor
Sydney Kent: Dr. Davidson, but I haven't, I haven't really had any sessions with her. So she just been prescribing the elliptical.
Sydney Kent: And just refilling the stuff that I had previously.
Okay. Do you have
Sydney Kent: To meet with her, you know,
Sydney Kent: Or, you know, I don't know how to do that.
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: You know that the call center number. The main number that you have
Sydney Kent: Yeah, okay. Just call there and Tom that you need to meet with her because she's going to need to know that you just got out of the hospital.
Sydney Kent: Now yeah okay so
Sydney Kent: So in the virtual clinic or just call you can just call you okay, are you doing are you doing a group
Sydney Kent: Yeah, it's on Wednesday. So yeah, I'm gonna be doing the group. Okay. Have you done any groups before. Yeah.
So you haven't actually spoken to Dr. Jeanne
Sydney Kent: The first initial
Sydney Kent: After that now. Okay, so are you feeling suicidal. Now, are you having any fifth. I don't
Sydney Kent: Know,
Sydney Kent: Actually not.
Shawn Phalen: Have you been in treatment before. Have you ever been to a potential front man.
Sydney Kent: Yes, I've been to 12 different treatment centers. Okay.
Sydney Kent: You think you're ready to stop. Yeah, I know. I'm ready to stop.
Sydney Kent: Okay, I think you just don't know.
Shawn Phalen: Like when you relax. You just don't know why you relapse.
Exactly, yeah.
Sydney Kent: So that's kind of a big kind of a mystery gives us like always wondering like, what the hell happened. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Sydney Kent: It's like it always happens and
Sydney Kent: We just want to get down to the bottom of it and fix it because I want to be sober. You know I want. I want to be happy. I want to be stable. And I want to have years of sobriety.
Sydney Kent: Is this like blockage or something, I don't know what's what it is.
Sydney Kent: Okay, so have you prepared the argument you have with your girlfriend is everything better now. Yeah, everything's better. Okay.
Sydney Kent: Good Tommy, did you graduate high school. Yes, I did. Okay, any college
Sydney Kent: I'm enrolled yeah online.
Sydney Kent: You may just a medical school.
Sydney Kent: Are you are you doing that now. I haven't started the courses yet. No, but I'm about to. Okay, very good. Um, any learning disabilities that you have, have you ever been to me. Yeah.
Sydney Kent: Um, I think.
Sydney Kent: I don't remember what they diagnosed me with. But I'd have to
Sydney Kent: I asked my grandma, because I think it was like a sinking or
Sydney Kent: Comprehensive kind of thing.
Sydney Kent: I think
Okay, well great night. Good.
Sydney Kent: Night. Good.
Sydney Kent: Okay, so what about like a rat. Have we had around you have legal issues pending no no legal issue spending. Okay. Have you had a rough in the past. Yeah. Okay. How many, how many of you and
Sydney Kent: I don't, I don't really know how many but um
Sydney Kent: I did nine lunch and county and was on probation. So, I mean,
Sydney Kent: Like I kept violating probation for relaxing. So I kind of lost track of how many times I got arrested. That makes sense. Yeah.
Sydney Kent: I am probation. Now I know
You have any kids.
And any financial issues that you're having
Any trouble there.
Sydney Kent: Just got to find myself a job.
Okay. And are you applying. Are you waiting to kind of get stabilized.
Sydney Kent: I'm applying. Yeah. Okay. And are you applying to like restaurant work.
Sydney Kent: I'm applying to anything I can get basically
Sydney Kent: There's a Starbucks right down the street that's getting built them. So I'm applying there.
Shawn Phalen: It might just be a little bit slow for a while.
Sydney Kent: Yeah because because of the Clovis thing.
Sydney Kent: You know what the patient because, you know, restaurants, a lot of questions are obviously closed or they're just doing takeout. So yeah, you know, it might take a couple of weeks.
Sydney Kent: Kind of get this going again. So
Sydney Kent: You know, be really patient with yourself. Okay. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Do you have. Do you have any
Sydney Kent: Me, you know, I'm sorry, I can't keep anything that I feel like I'm gonna throw up. Ah, yeah.
Okay.
Alright, so why don't we and
Shawn Phalen: You want to set up.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: You want to call to do that or
Sydney Kent: Yeah, it's a call. Yeah, I'll call. Okay. All right. Sorry.
Sydney Kent: You say, Oh, thank you.